diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.77th_Street.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Central.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Devonshire.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Foothill.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Harbor.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Hollenbeck.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Hollywood.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Mission.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.N_Hollywood.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Newton.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Northeast.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Olympic.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Pacific.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Rampart.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Southeast.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Southwest.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Topanga.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Van_Nuys.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.West_LA.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.West_Valley.png actual
diff -b expected/all_areas.Area_Name.Wilshire.png actual
